Databases -> Restore database -> backup files (FULL backup database before using it)
External tables -> external unrelational data e.g. csv etc 
Temporal tables - Have a look at but pretty new at the moment
Three part name = Database + schema + table (Don't really need database part if working within it)
dbo - default schema
Always look at it from a business POV - understand the business behind the database and find out which is which
Keys within multiple tables might have different column key names so beware
PK - Primary Key = key to that particular table
FK - Foreign Key = Connecting other foreign tables from different schemas by validating that key to another table's PK
This contrains people using the database work in a specific way eg. entering customer details before you put an order to the person (DATA QUALITY ASSURANCE)
Validates the FK everytime = affects the server's performance
SAP - ERP System - Old tables might not give you all the relevant key data/connections between tables etc.
char = uses up all the limit AND varchar = only uses the number of characters it needs AND nvarchar = useful for multiple languages / flexible
One clustered index in each table - e.g. SalesOrderID, Date etc (This is used so it is easier to use search for values with a clustered index)
You can have as many non-clustered index you want in a table - Still a better way to use queries on unclustered indexes as it doesn't read the entire row by row
Script view/views to look at query to make more sense of the database
Views = New table that has been made by multiple tables' data columns to be exported for more working on or creating data reports etc.
Stored procedures will be used a lot for Data Extraction (Any piece of code that you would run more than once)

Finish these:

1. Microsoft Virtual Academy
	a. Querying with transact-SQL
	b. SQL Database fundamental
	
2. Power BI - EDX
	a. Analyzing and visualizing data with Power BI
	
Assessment using AdventureWorks DB:
1. What is being sold, who is buying it, and who is selling it (sales people)
2. Implying, when things are happening, is this year better than last year, who sold how much in each month etc.
Maybe use some custom visuals etc to have some graphs and visuals to answer the questions above